# CODES
The below described codes were written while carrying out research reported in the following manuscripts:
* Add citation
* A. Samal, R.P. Sreejith, J. Gu, S. Liu, E. Saucan & J. Jost, Comparative analysis of two discretizations of Ricci curvature for complex networks, Scientific Reports 8: 8650 (2018).
* R.P. Sreejith, K. Mohanraj, J. Jost, E. Saucan & A. Samal, Forman curvature for complex networks, Journal of Statistical Mechanics: Theory and Experiment 063206 (2016).

Please cite the above manuscripts if you use the codes in this repository for your work.

**Code/Script details**

The following codes can be used to compute the network measures of the functional connectivity networks,

_**1. FormanTriangleUndirected.cpp**_ : Augmented Forman-Ricci Curvature (or simply Forman-Ricci curvature) for all the edges of a weighted/unweighted but undirected network.

_**2. OR-UnDir.py**_ : Ollivier-Ricci curvature for all the edges and nodes of a weighted/unweighted but undirected network.

## EXAMPLE

The sample input files for using our codes are available in the **EXAMPLE** folder.

_**1. Example_edgeInputfile.csv**_ : The input edge file for the codes 1. and 2. would contain three tab seperated columns. The three columns are source, target and edge weight. The edge weight is correlation coefficient in the case of fMRI networks.

_**2. Example_nodeInputfile.txt**_ : The node input file for code 1. which is a text file listing all the nodes (here, encoded as numeric labels) in the input network.

_**3. Example_AugForman_edgeOutput_file.csv**_ : The edge output file generated by code 1. when _Example_edgeInputfile.csv_ and _Example_nodeInputfile.txt_ are input. The file contains three tab sepetaed columns. The three columns are edge source, edge target and Augmented Forman-Ricci curvature of the edge.

_**4. Example_AugForman_nodeOutput_file.csv**_ : The edge output file generated by code 1. when _Example_edgeInputfile.csv_ and _Example_nodeInputfile.txt_ are input. The file contains two tab sepetaed columns. The two column are node label and Augmented Forman-Ricci curvature of the node, which is the average of all curvature values of all edges incident on the corresponding node.

_**5. Example_Ollivier_edgeOutput_file.csv**_ : The edge output file generated by code 2. when _Example_edgeInputfile.csv_ and _Example_nodeInputfile.txt_ are input. The file contains three tab sepetaed columns. The three columns are edge source, edge target and Ollivier-Ricci curvature of the edge.

_**6. Example_Ollivier_nodeOutput_file.csv**_ : The edge output file generated by code 2. when _Example_edgeInputfile.csv_ and _Example_nodeInputfile.txt_ are input. The file contains two tab sepetaed columns. The two column are node label and Ollivier-Ricci curvature of the node, which is the average of all curvature values of all edges incident on the corresponding node.

The sample command that could be used to execute the codes, utilizing the example files are given below,

_**1. FormanTriangleUndirected.cpp**_ : 

    _./FormanTriangleUndirected 0 Example_nodeInputfile.txt 0 Example_edgeInputfile.csv Example_AugForman_edgeOutputfile.csv Example_AugForman_nodeOutputfle.csv_

_**2. OR-Undir.py**_ : 

    _Python3 OR-Undir.py 0 Example_edgeInputfile.csv Example_Ollivier_edgeOutputfile.csv Example_nodeOutputfile.csv_

## Requirements

The Python packages required are _NetworkX_, _cvxpy_, _Numpy_

## Standard network measures
The standard network measures such as clustering coefficient, global efficiency, local efficiency, node betweenness centrality and shortest path length were computed using the Python package _NetworkX_.

